Page Object Model:
1. It is also known as POM.
2. It is a design pattern or approach to create a object repository for storing all the web elements.
3. It is useful in reducing code duplication and improves test case maintenance.
4. In POM, consider each web page of an application as a class file. Each class file will contain only corresponding web page elements. Using these elements, 
   testers can perform operations on the website under test.

Advantages of Page Object Model:
1. Helps with easy maintenance: If a drop-down menu is changed to a radio button, POM helps to identify the page to be modified and this identification is necessary 
   to make the required changes in the right files.
2. Helps with reusing code: Byusing POM, one can write the test code for one page and reuse it for another test code.
3. Readability and reliability of scripts: 


Data Driven Framework:
It is an automation testing framework in which we read data from data files and stored into variables in test scripts. In this framewok we keep test cases seperate from the test data. 

I've worked on test data driven framework in selenium. In this we have various components 
1. test data:
To maintain our test data we used to have excel sheets and in order to deal with excel sheets we used Apache POI. 
We were also using Properties file to maintain our test data. 
We read data from these data files and stored into variables in test scripts using data driven framework. 
2. reports:
To generate proper reports we used Extent report whose dependency we added in pom.xml file.
3. utilities:
In the utilities we have all the basic utility methods used throughout the project.
This is independent of project that means we can use this utility in another project also.
4. test scripts:
To prepare test scripts we used Unit testing framework TestNG and the design pattern was of Page Object Model.
In POM we r creating different java classes for every html page which contain only corresponding web elements  
5. maven: It is a build automation tool in which we added the dependency
6. Runner: we used jenkins for that
7. Version control System: GIT Hub