Difference between Quality Control and Quality Assurance:
Quality Control: It is a product-oriented approach of running a program to determine if it has any defects as well as making sure that the software meets all of the requirements put forth by the stakeholders.
Quality Assurance: It is a process-oriented approach that focuses on making sure that the methods, techniques and processes used to create quality deliverables are applied correctly.




Differnet types of Software Testing:
1. White Box Testing:
a. Done by developers.
b. Testing of each and every line of code logically.
c. Should have the knowledge of internal design of the code and programming.

2. Black Box Testing:
a. done by testers.
b. Verifying the functionality of the application against requirement specifications.
c. No need to have the knowledge of internal design of the code and programming. 

3. Grey Box Testing: 
Combination of both black box and white box testing.




Different levels of testing:
1. Unit testing: 
a. a way of testing the smallest piece of code referred to as a unit that can be logically isolated in a system.
b. mainly focused on the functional correctness of the standalone module.

2. Integration testing:
a. individual units are combined together and tested to verify if they are working as they intend to when integrated.
b. main aim is to test the interface between the modules.

3. System testing:
a. all the components of the software are tested as a whole in order to ensure that the overall product meets the requirements specified.

4. User Acceptance Testing:
a. it determines whether or not the software is ready to be released.




Difference between verification and validation:
1. Verification:
a. a static analysis technique.
b. testing is done without executing the code.
c. Examples- reviews, inspection and walkthrough.

2. Validation:
a. a dynamic analysis technique.
b. testing is done by executing the code.
c. Examples- functional and non-functional testing techniques.




Documents associated with software testing are:
1. Test Plan
2. Test Scenario
3. Test Case
4. Traceability Matrix




Software Testing Life Cycle(STLC):
1. Requirement Analysis:
a. QA team understands the requirement in terms of what we will be testing

2. Test Planning:
a. test strategy is defined.
b. objective and the scope of the project is determined

3. Test Case Development:
a. detailed test cases are defined and developed
b. testing team also prepares the test data for testing

4. Test Environment Setup:
a. setup of software and hardware for the testing team to execute test cases.

5. Test Execution:
a. process of executing the code and comparing the expected and actual results.

6. Test Cycle Closure:
a. testing team member meeting and evaluating cycle completion.




     